[68] added utils.check_roles_enabled helper (#69)
tarantool/migrations: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - Added `utils.check_roles_enabled` helper function. It checks whether roles are enabled on the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `utils.check_roles_enabled` helper function
  to check whether roles are enabled on the instance (gh-68)
```
